An Unexpected Love
TW: Graphic Self-Harm, Mental Health Issues, PTSD

"You are all artists," my English teacher calls out as we reach the end of our class. The time on the wall ticks, spills into minutes, a slow pour as our thoughts leak over the edge. I can't do this.

Too much.

It's too much.

Footsteps of mine echo as I exit the room, an attempt to leave behind my thoughts, my feelings that overturn into my writing. I am always too much.

I don't want to feel.

Hands turn to hummingbirds, shaking, trembling, quivering as a representation of my mind. Thoughts swirl, unable to slow down. Rush like a tomorrow doesn't exist. Tomorrow doesn't exist. Tomorrow doesn't exist. Tomorrow doesn't exist.

I reach the bathroom, a tinted grey stall I take, body taking refuge against the wall, grasping it like my dying breath that pulls out my body as I try to hold on. I try to hold on to my sanity. My navy sweater turns as blood-cold as the phantom touches drag into my heart, freezing, suppressing everything, every emotion, every feeling, every thought. The sweater catches as my body slides to the solid ground. I can't do this anymore.

Hurt, it hurts, dragging, scrapping through my mind like chains sliding across a stone floor, I can't take it. It hurts. Stop it. The pain digs into my ribs, my mind, into my hands as I rub them to stop the thoughts from crashing. Stop it. Breaking. Stop it. Looking for an escape route.

They need to escape.

Inhale. Exhale. Breath. We'll be okay. We need to be okay. Don't. No. Stop. It hurts. Please just be okay. Why can't you just stop? Just stop everything.

Breathe, breathe breathe breathe. BREATHE.

Shifting my weight, I turn over, knees still tucked in, I pull out a battered notebook, the page's edges turned rough from the experiences of the world. Being brought with me through the adventures of all my trauma. The lights are blaring. Hot. My eyes feel the heaviness shouting through me.

No. Stop.

Open. And write. It will be okay.

Feelings are plastered in my head, moving, dictating, running a government of emotions bringing my mind to cries, breakdowns. A war. Heartache. No, headache.

Just write.

I open the floodgates. The barricades come down. Take the pen and begin turning the pressure to pressure of the pen on the page. Words, thoughts, memories, feelings pour through me. The coolness of them rushing down my head, through the forest of my body, down my shoulders in a cool breeze, through my arms, down the veins of my wrist onto the page. Pour. Write. I need to take the feelings out. Stop it. Now. Stop it now.

It hurts.

The pen etches, maddeningly, hauntingly, marking each thought, each poetic line and uncategorized stanza. Words spoken like lyrics, feelings spoken through chosen words, repainting how I feel through the page of ink. This incessant deprivation of air, hot pressure sits, straining my chest. I can't breathe I can't breathe I can't breathe I can't breathe…

It's not enough. Water burns to the forefront of my eyes, still holding within their sockets. A tear spills down my warm cheek. It's not enough. It hurts. Take the words in your head and try to write them down. The marks among the page, like blood, staining, dripping my blood into words. The ink is like blood. Scratching at the page, marking, breaking, etching each thought I left unsaid, each word unspoken from the lips that do not dare speak. My lips. Silent, as mind takes over, unravelling memory after memory after memory… the blood. Oh god, no, the blood.

But it's not enough.

SPILLING. The blood SPILLING.

The notebook, drops, pen following, running away from the weight it bears, an attempt at getting the chains unshackled, broken. Just to be free from this prison. This war that sees no end in sight. I need it to stop hurting. I need to not remember.

I pull out the blade.

Down on my wrist, I scrape it. Heat screams into my senses. The tip digs into my skin once more, then it pulls to create a warmth, a feeling once of Christmas fireplaces, hot cocoa, I dig it into my skin. Coolness spreads in a mere moment, for a mere second, coming off the blade's edge. Put the blade to your skin. Break open a place for the hurt to leave, to escape, to be released to the air, away from my mind, away from becoming weights, becoming a burden to bear. To be brushed away in the wind, not stuck within my body, encasing the hurt.

Again. Place. Shred. Place. Scrap. Breathe.

And the hurt, it drains. Tears out through the cuts.

"It's okay," I whisper to myself. I can breathe again.

The blood. The blood feels nice. It fills, covering each little crevice, pools of blood forming. Place. Scrap. Dig. Again, it pools. Opens a place for the hurt to go. Take the hurt and make paint with it, scrap into the canvas. Calming. It's calming. Dig into the hurt, hurt it. Take it and twist it. Hurt it. Dig. Carve every ounce of yourself to feel okay.

We will be okay.

The blade units with the redness, not sticking to the grey but holding onto it like a film of water. I like red. It holds intensity. Love, hate. It represents all that is extreme, all that hurts. All that is intense. I am intense. I hurt. The red understands me. It feels nice. It feels…

niceee sweeeet, everything feels light, feathers, clouds. I feel like clouds.

Place. Shred. Place. Scrap–

Stop.

A girl. A girl stares at me, eyes widened. Fear enticing, circling the whites of her eyes. Walked in unaware. God knows what's going on in her mind. Her chestnut hair not moving, green eyes, unwavering as she stares at what I've done. What I've done to myself. She stares, the walls stare, the lights stare. They all stare. At me at me at me at ME. Walls closing in. She turns and leaves… I don't stop her.

Time passes into the next day as I break open the doors to this 'school' people call it. More like where creativity goes to die. Sounds of my walking fill the halls as I turn the corner and stop. I stare. The girl is there. She looks calm. Not scared. Looks to me. Eyes hold mine, not petrified. She motions for her legs to walk her over to where I stand. Brings me into an embrace. Tight. Unbinding. A nice kind of warm, of heat. A little too long than a typical hug. Loving, I deem it. A hug I've always wanted, and despite my hesitation, I pull my arms around her gently and let the feeling scar to my mind. Carve it to the gravestone within my thoughts. Keep the feeling around me, hold it. Cradle this unusable affection. I hold her close until she pulls away, soft hair brushing through the air. And she pulls the dark navy fabric binding to her wrists up and drags her arm free, sitting now upon her elbows. I look at her. Red and white tore through her arms. She locks eyes with me once more, now with a sense of understanding.

"I'm an artist too."
